wish =

the latest version of `rhachet-roles-bhrain`'s driver role released support for self vs peer review in guard stones

lets update our guard stones to include the following self review prompts at the following sections 

1. on execute, 
	- all-done-self "are you sure all was completed? review the blueprint and criteria. emit a report into the .behavior dir on gaps detected. then, fix all gaps"
	- all-done-junior "a junior recently worked on this branch. review against the blueprint and criteria and flag any gaps detected. emit a report into the .behavior dir if any and fix all gaps"

2. on blueprint,
	- all-done-self "are you sure all of the criteria and vision was covered? emit a report into the .behavior dir on gaps detected. then, fix all gaps"
	- all-done-junior "a junior recently worked on this blueprint. review against the criteria and vision and flag any gaps detected. emit a report into the .behavior dir if any and fix all gaps"
	- all-simple-junior "a junior recently worked on this blueprint. are there any parts that are needlessly over complicated? any opportunities to simplify yet still fulfill the full vision and criteria?"

3. on criteria,
	- all-real-junior "a junior recently worked on this criteria. are there any unquestioned assumptions the junior took as requirements? anything that needs to be asked to the wisher instead?"


---

use the gh api to see off of the github.com/ehmpathy/rhachet-roles-bhrain repo how to use the review.self vs review.peer syntax in that stone guard


